and then guys would I again and remember
that I said in the last video that maybe
to make a video about something that does not
It has a lot to do with it. It has nothing to do with it.
watch with a videogame
So that's what I got here.
polaroid camera sam 600
It's been a while since I was looking for something.
so and I happened to stumble across a store
I was walking downtown and I was
meet my brother, my nephew
I did not have time to test it yet.
those who injects photos and at the time
you download biotype is the instagram of the
life see life highlight
I have not had time to test yet and
It 's late at night here at home and
It came to me is a correspondence and
I imagine being the movie cut here I
I do not want to turn if I was on the coast.
address so you have to edit this
part is difficult to do below
I do not think a bubble
I do not know, I do not have much information.
still on this camera because it does not
I also researched a lot
ti information is in focus and closed in
2008 and company called impossible
project that now in a project here in
project
they bought everything they had in the factory
there from the old cameras everything they light
who checked the cameras are selling
consul so new to my mother I
I bought used same time cheap, right?
the new functions with about three hundred
four hundred reais her movie for who
Do not know this type of bed does not have the
battery inside does not have a
battery is in the movie
every time you buy a young
battery you put it works
I hope it works because it does not
to function
the sky will be a fiasco as I was a
video with some people opening already vi
some boxes with more or
I do not know
I wonder how it makes us stay here?
A little paper here is cool.
we put near as I understand it has
different arts for this here every
beyond this question the contacts of the
battery is inside the movie
and this movie has eight photos is one
colorful is kind of expensive movie type
cost me 60 reais not 40
real
I guess I know I'll put you
because of this here inside the camera gives
to see the camera or take it from the side
has a little button there can not really
see your contacts on the bottom
Behind it is a mirror, not even if it is fine.
dirty arises also still perhaps that I
I really want that I want him
stay with the partner well with a
detail understands even knows then
I'll totally put it here.
so we
the gun that masses
It works my camera and she is now
loaded with battery and with the movie
Luis has already lit here.
wait it turns green
to and now I can take a picture
I will not take a photo now what eight
photos for 40 reais or more until
I'm not going to take a photo now, take a photo
Then show it to you, but I know that.
I wanted to show this company that
bought Polaroid O tactical selling the
is the movie for her that's the one
on here
This is a colorful movie, what I know.
as far as I know the quality is also not
so good account of the original polaroid and
this type of film pilots jazz and then
some years she also pays the photo goes
erasing over time
I do not know if this new one will work
What I also know is that this type of
movie
it was kind of experimental not a
film type a technology still mastered
is a new chemistry used to make
these films tell the role inside
so you have to stay the photo more or
The less I hope it gets this way at the end.
in this capacity that is speaking as
use where to store this type of camera
there is something else that we have
watch the movie if you are not
using hold inside a refrigerator
something like that and if this movie
company I still can not vote today
because it reveals when it is hot to
temperature will reveal
So when you 're here, you 'll talk.
works best between 13 and 28 degrees
centigrade store it is but you
will take the photo with the debate the photo that
You do, you're open to it.
here is the button of the
or I know the trigger button is
with her take her open take photos of
take a picture you would see that the camera
rear that come out and there's something
capped the film that paulo no longer stay
exposed you turn camera
upside down because the light more
strong will not end up having you here
take the film and put it in your
shirt something so it's a little
warmer will already reveal the
quality will be much better had already
some videos showing the difference is
much better
so that's it, I'm very happy here
with mine on my new toy
I took stitching photography then
I hope you enjoy being interested in
this also photographing a good hobby
what a beauty
so that's it even more in the next
video maybe the death of some photos
for you guys
Czech